OCPCLOUD-1674: Control Plane Machine Set update install flow (#1270)
openshift/enhancements: enhancements/machine-api/control-plane-machine-set.md

```go
// ControlPlaneMachineSet represents the configuration of the ControlPlaneMachineSet.
type ControlPlaneMachineSetSpec struct {
	// State defines whether the ControlPlaneMachineSet is Active or Inactive.
	// When Inactive, the ControlPlaneMachineSet will not take any action on the
	// state of the Machines within the cluster.
	// When Active, the ControlPlaneMachineSet will reconcile the Machines and
	// will update the Machines as necessary.
	// Once Active, a ControlPlaneMachineSet cannot be made Inactive. To prevent
	// further action please remove the ControlPlaneMachineSet.
	// +kubebuilder:default:="Inactive"
	// +default="Inactive"
	// +kubebuilder:validation:XValidation:rule="oldSelf != 'Active' || self == oldSelf",message="state cannot be changed once Active"

> 	// +optional

Reviewer: The field is missing?

Due to this limitation, we will need to have a desired replicas field within the ControlPlaneMachineSet controller.
As we are not planning to tackle horizontal scaling of the control plane initially, we will implement a validating
webhook to deny changes to this value once set.
This will prevent end users from attempting to horizontally scale their control plane during creation of the
`ControlPlaneMachineSet` resource.

For new clusters, the installer will create the `ControlPlaneMachineSet` resource and will set the value
based on the install configuration, setting its `.spec.state` to `Active`.

For existing clusters the `ControlPlaneMachineSet` generator controller,
will always assume a cluster to have 3 replicas.
As such, it will create an `Inactive` `ControlPlaneMachineSet` with `.spec.replicas` set to `3`.

> It will be responsibility of the user, while reviewing the generated `ControlPlaneMachineSet`,

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
It will be the responsibility of the user, while reviewing the generated `ControlPlaneMachineSet`,
```

#### Installing a ControlPlaneMachineSet within an existing cluster

> For existing clusters that are not born with a ControlPlaneMachineSet already defined,

Reviewer: Should this be backtick quoted?
```suggestion
For existing clusters that are not born with a `ControlPlaneMachineSet` already defined,
```

we will introduce a second "generator" controller alonside the "main" `ControlPlaneMachineSet`
controller which will be responsible for constantly checking the cluster state (number of control plane machines present in the cluster,
number of failure domains defined across all the machinesets in the cluster, most up to date control plane machine provider spec) and
creating/maintaining an up to date `ControlPlaneMachineSet` in the corresponding namespace, with state set to `Inactive`.

> If the cluster has been upgraded to a version that supports this feature, they will be able

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
If the cluster has been upgraded to a version that supports this feature, users will be able
```

to find an automatically generated, `Inactive` `ControlPlaneMachineSet` with name `cluster` in the `openshift-machine-api` namespace.
They will need to inspect the generated `ControlPlaneMachineSet` and check that the generated spec matches the desired one,
optionally modifying the fields to the desired values before then proceeding with its activation, by
setting the `.spec.state` field to `Active`.

To ensure the values set for the `ControlPlaneMachineSet` are safe for the cluster, we will need to
validate that the failure domains align with those within the cluster already, this will prevent users
from accidentally migrating their Control Plane Machines from multiple availability zones to a single zone.

> Once the `ControlPlaneMachineSet`'s `.spec.state` will be set to `Active` the main control plane machine set

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
Once the `ControlPlaneMachineSet`'s `.spec.state` is set to `Active`, the main control plane machine set
```

controller will start its reconciliation and from then on it will take all the necessary actions to drive
the cluster control plane machines towards the desired state.

> Once `Active` the `ControlPlaneMachineSet` can't be deactivated anymore. If the user desires to stop the controller

Reviewer: Nit
```suggestion
Once `Active` the `ControlPlaneMachineSet` cannot be deactivated. If the user desires to stop the controller
```

from reconciling cluster control plane machines, they will need to delete the `ControlPlaneMachineSet`. Doing so

> will stop all the reconciliation operations.

Reviewer: Might want to add a bit about "If the user wishes to re-activate the CPMS later, the generator will maintain an `Inactive` CPMS ready for them to re-activate"

Author: 👍  added.
